Pin feature
Social media share buttons
Profile overview
reources page
about page
live chat
forum

From an anonymous victim who doesn’t wish to share their identity:  I was four years old when I went back home for March break. My parents heard from fellow maveerars there might be hope to return home. So we decided that we should move back home and live with my family. I was so excited to finally have cousins to play with and to wear my white uniform and red tie. The first week of school me and my akka were walking to school and a couple of Sri Lankan soldiers were eyeing us. I was told not to look at them but I couldn’t help it. On my way back home my akka and I were suddenly grabbed and thrown into a white van. I woke up in a strange broken down shack and we were tied up. There were other children like me and some teenagers. Here and there they would take them into another room and all I heard was my akkas screaming. One by one soldiers would take turns. I didn’t understand what was happening. The first day I peed on my uniform after witnessing an army man choking one of the annas. I was scared. I didn’t use the washroom for more than two weeks after that. Once in a while they would take one of the teens outside. I only assumed they were free.  They cut us, beat us, rubbed dirt in our wounds. I remember one of them telling me in tamil your legs are milky white and grabbed them. I only have a couple of pieces of these memories. After a while a couple of maveerars (one of my cousins too) rescued me and one of the annas as we were the only ones left. Once we were freed, I saw the annas and akkas that I thought were free naked laying still on the ground. They were dead and mutilated. As I grew older I slowly understood what was happening in that room and why he wanted my leg. To this day I wonder if I didn’t look at those men maybe I could’ve saved my akka. Rest peacefully my dear maveerars you will always be remembered in our hearts 


From an anonymous victim who doesn’t wish to share their identity:  I was four years old when I went back home for March break. My parents heard from fellow maveerars there might be hope to return home. So we decided that we should move back home and live with my family. I was so excited to finally have cousins to play with and to wear my white uniform and red tie. The first week of school me and my akka were walking to school and a couple of Sri Lankan soldiers were eyeing us. I was told not to look at them but I couldn’t help it. On my way back home my akka and I were suddenly grabbed and thrown into a white van. I woke up in a strange broken down shack and we were tied up. There were other children like me and some teenagers. Here and there they would take them into another room and all I heard was my akkas screaming. One by one soldiers would take turns. I didn’t understand what was happening. The first day I peed on my uniform after witnessing an army man choking one of the annas. I was scared. I didn’t use the washroom for more than two weeks after that. Once in a while they would take one of the teens outside. I only assumed they were free.  They cut us, beat us, rubbed dirt in our wounds. I remember one of them telling me in tamil your legs are milky white and grabbed them. I only have a couple of pieces of these memories. After a while a couple of maveerars (one of my cousins too) rescued me and one of the annas as we were the only ones left. Once we were freed, I saw the annas and akkas that I thought were free, were naked laying still on the ground. They were dead and mutilated. As I grew older I slowly understood what was happening in that room and why he wanted my leg. To this day I wonder if I didn’t look at those men maybe I could’ve saved my akka. Rest peacefully my dear maveerars you will always be remembered in our hearts
